README.md, before:

<!-- Copyright 2021 VMware, Inc. -->
<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 -->
# CloudHealth Kubernetes Collector Agent Helm Chart

[CloudHealth](https://www.cloudhealthtech.com/) is a multi-cloud cost optimization solution that enables businesses to simplify cloud financial management, streamline operations, and strengthen security and compliance.

To avail this functionality, use this helm chart to deploy the collector agent into each Kubernetes cluster in your environment.

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add cloudhealth https://cloudhealth.github.io/helm/
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector --set apiToken=<Unique Customer API Token>,clusterName=<Cluster Name> cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

## Getting Started

Use the helm chart to deploy the CloudHealth Collector into each [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster in your environment.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.12+
- Helm 3.0+
- CloudHealth API Token

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `cloudhealth-collector`, run the following command:

```console
$ helm repo add cloudhealth https://cloudhealth.github.io/helm/
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector --set apiToken=<Unique Customer API Token>,clusterName=<Cluster Name> cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

These commands deploy the CloudHealth Collector on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `cloudhealth-collector` deployment and remove the CloudHealth Helm Chart repository, run the following commands:

```console
$ helm uninstall cloudhealth-collector
$ helm repo remove cloudhealth
```

## Parameters

### Required parameters

| Name                     | Description                                                                             | Value           |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| `apiToken`            | Unique Customer API Token provided by CloudHealth                                                             | `<change-me>`            |
| `clusterName`           | Name of the cluster to be shown on the CloudHealth UI                                      | `your-cluster-name`            |


### Other parameters

| Name                        | Description                                                                                  | Value                 |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `image.repository`          | CloudHealth Collector image repository                                                            | `cloudhealth/container-collector`      |
| `image.tag`                 | CloudHealth Collector image tag (immutable tags are recommended)                                  | `latest` |
| `image.pullPolicy`          | CloudHealth Collector image pull policy                                                           | `Always`        |
| `image.pullSecrets`         | CloudHealth Collector image pull secrets                                                          | `[]`                  |
| `replicaCount`                          | Number of CloudHealth Collector replicas to deploy                                             | `1`|
| `resources.limits.cpu`                      | The CPU limits for CloudHealth Collector containers                                      | `1000m`            |
| `resources.requests.cpu`                    | The requested CPU for CloudHealth Collector containers                                   | `500m`            |
| `resources.limits.memory`                      | The Memory limits for CloudHealth Collector containers                                      | `1024Mi`            |
| `resources.requests.memory`                    | The requested Memory for CloudHealth Collector containers                                   | `512Mi`            |
| `nameOverride`       | String to override common.names.fullname                                          | `""`            |
| `fullnameOverride`       | String to fully override common.names.fullname                                          | `""`            |
| `secretName`       | Kubernetes secret name created to store CloudHealth API Token & Secret                                         | `cloudhealth-config`            |
| `service.type`                  | CloudHealth Collector UI Service Type                                                                                                 | `ClusterIP`              |
| `service.port`                  | CloudHealth Collector UI Service Type                                                                                                 | `80`              |
| `podAnnotations`                        | Additional pod annotations                                                                | `{}`            |
| `podSecurityContext`            | Enable security context for CloudHealth Collector pods                                         | `{}`          |
| `securityContext`            | Enable security context for CloudHealth Collector                                         | `{}`          |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity for pod assignment                                                               | `{}`            |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pod assignment                                                            | `{}`            |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pod assignment                                                            | `[]`            |


Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example, the following command sets the CloudHealth Collector API Token to `sample_token` and sets the cluster name to `mega-cluster`.

```console
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector --set apiToken=sample_token,clusterName=mega-cluster cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

You can also use YAML file to specify the parameters while installing the chart. For example, the following command indicates that the file `values.yaml` should be used to set the parameters:

```console
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector -f values.yaml cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](cloudhealth-collector/values.yaml)

## Troubleshooting

Find more information about how to deal with common errors related to CloudHealth’s Helm charts in [this troubleshooting guide](https://docs.bitnami.com/general/how-to/troubleshoot-helm-chart-issues).

**Useful links**

- https://help.cloudhealthtech.com/
- https://docs.bitnami.com/tutorials/resolve-helm2-helm3-post-migration-issues/
- https://helm.sh/docs/topics/v2_v3_migration/
- https://helm.sh/blog/migrate-from-helm-v2-to-helm-v3/

Commit message:

make apiToken optional and create secret conditionally

README.md, after:

<!-- Copyright 2021 VMware, Inc. -->
<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 -->
# CloudHealth Kubernetes Collector Agent Helm Chart

[CloudHealth](https://www.cloudhealthtech.com/) is a multi-cloud cost optimization solution that enables businesses to simplify cloud financial management, streamline operations, and strengthen security and compliance.

To avail this functionality, use this helm chart to deploy the collector agent into each Kubernetes cluster in your environment.

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add cloudhealth https://cloudhealth.github.io/helm/
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector --set apiToken=<Unique Customer API Token>,clusterName=<Cluster Name> cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

## Getting Started

Use the helm chart to deploy the CloudHealth Collector into each [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster in your environment.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.12+
- Helm 3.0+
- CloudHealth API Token

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `cloudhealth-collector`, run the following command:

```console
$ helm repo add cloudhealth https://cloudhealth.github.io/helm/
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector --set apiToken=<Unique Customer API Token>,clusterName=<Cluster Name> cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

These commands deploy the CloudHealth Collector on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

The `apiToken` is required for `cloudhealth-collector` to work properly and should be either set explicitely as in the example above or in a secret object with the following data structure:
```yaml
data:
  apiToken:  "PGNoYW5nZS1tZT4="
  clusterName: "eW91ci1jbHVzdGVyLW5hbWU="
```

The secret name should be provided via the `secretName` parameter unless it follows the default value.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `cloudhealth-collector` deployment and remove the CloudHealth Helm Chart repository, run the following commands:

```console
$ helm uninstall cloudhealth-collector
$ helm repo remove cloudhealth
```

## Parameters

### Required parameters

| Name                     | Description                                                                             | Value           |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| `clusterName`           | Name of the cluster to be shown on the CloudHealth UI                                      | `your-cluster-name`            |


### Other parameters

| Name                        | Description                                                                                  | Value                 |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `apiToken`            | Unique Customer API Token provided by CloudHealth                                                             | `<change-me>`            |
| `image.repository`          | CloudHealth Collector image repository                                                            | `cloudhealth/container-collector`      |
| `image.tag`                 | CloudHealth Collector image tag (immutable tags are recommended)                                  | `latest` |
| `image.pullPolicy`          | CloudHealth Collector image pull policy                                                           | `Always`        |
| `image.pullSecrets`         | CloudHealth Collector image pull secrets                                                          | `[]`                  |
| `replicaCount`                          | Number of CloudHealth Collector replicas to deploy                                             | `1`|
| `resources.limits.cpu`                      | The CPU limits for CloudHealth Collector containers                                      | `1000m`            |
| `resources.requests.cpu`                    | The requested CPU for CloudHealth Collector containers                                   | `500m`            |
| `resources.limits.memory`                      | The Memory limits for CloudHealth Collector containers                                      | `1024Mi`            |
| `resources.requests.memory`                    | The requested Memory for CloudHealth Collector containers                                   | `512Mi`            |
| `nameOverride`       | String to override common.names.fullname                                          | `""`            |
| `fullnameOverride`       | String to fully override common.names.fullname                                          | `""`            |
| `secretName`       | Kubernetes secret name created to store CloudHealth API Token & Secret                                         | `cloudhealth-config`            |
| `service.type`                  | CloudHealth Collector UI Service Type                                                                                                 | `ClusterIP`              |
| `service.port`                  | CloudHealth Collector UI Service Type                                                                                                 | `80`              |
| `podAnnotations`                        | Additional pod annotations                                                                | `{}`            |
| `podSecurityContext`            | Enable security context for CloudHealth Collector pods                                         | `{}`          |
| `securityContext`            | Enable security context for CloudHealth Collector                                         | `{}`          |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity for pod assignment                                                               | `{}`            |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pod assignment                                                            | `{}`            |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pod assignment                                                            | `[]`            |


Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example, the following command sets the CloudHealth Collector API Token to `sample_token` and sets the cluster name to `mega-cluster`.

```console
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector --set apiToken=sample_token,clusterName=mega-cluster cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

You can also use YAML file to specify the parameters while installing the chart. For example, the following command indicates that the file `values.yaml` should be used to set the parameters:

```console
$ helm install cloudhealth-collector -f values.yaml cloudhealth/cloudhealth-collector
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](cloudhealth-collector/values.yaml)

## Troubleshooting

Find more information about how to deal with common errors related to CloudHealth’s Helm charts in [this troubleshooting guide](https://docs.bitnami.com/general/how-to/troubleshoot-helm-chart-issues).

**Useful links**

- https://help.cloudhealthtech.com/
- https://docs.bitnami.com/tutorials/resolve-helm2-helm3-post-migration-issues/
- https://helm.sh/docs/topics/v2_v3_migration/
- https://helm.sh/blog/migrate-from-helm-v2-to-helm-v3/
